README.md, before:

# priceChamp
priceChamp is a Multi-Website Product Price Comparison Scraper.

- priceChamp uses BeautifulSoup that extracts product prices from e-commerce websites (Amazon, Flipkart) to facilitate price comparison for users.

- This tool helps Online shoppers who often visit multiple e-commerce websites to compare the price of a specific product before making a purchase.


## Setup
Clone the repository using:
```
git clone git@github.com:2k4sm/priceChamp.git
cd priceChamp
```
Install required dependencies using:

```
pip3 install -r reqs.txt
```

To run priceChamp simply do:
- darwin and linux:

    ```
    python3 scrappy.py
    ```
- windows :

    ```
    python scrappy.py
    ```

## How to Use?

- Start the program using `python3 scrappy.py`
- Provide the product name as input.
- Then the program prints the status code if its `200` for both websites then everything is working fine.
- It presents the scrapped data into tables and prints to the output.

# Demo
![image](https://github.com/2k4sm/priceChamp/assets/101013814/53ddf73f-79a6-48f2-a017-68b9f962a357)




# License

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2023 Shrinibas Mahanta

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

changes the readme  file. shifts testing to test_scrapper

README.md, after:

# priceChamp
priceChamp is a Multi-Website Product Price Comparison Scraper.

- priceChamp uses BeautifulSoup that extracts product prices from e-commerce websites (Amazon, Flipkart) to facilitate price comparison for users.

- This tool helps Online shoppers who often visit multiple e-commerce websites to compare the price of a specific product before making a purchase.


## Setup
Clone the repository using:
```
git clone git@github.com:2k4sm/priceChamp.git
cd priceChamp
```
Install required dependencies using:

```
pip3 install -r reqs.txt
```

To run priceChamp simply do:
- darwin and linux:

    ```
    python3 scrappy.py
    ```
- windows :

    ```
    python scrappy.py
    ```

# Testing.
Test the program by running:

- darwin and linux:

    ```
    python3 test_scrappy.py
    ```
- windows :

    ```
    python test_scrappy.py
    ```


## How to Use?

- Start the program using `python3 scrappy.py`
- Provide the product name you want to search as input.
- It presents the scrapped data into tables and prints to the output.

# Demo
![image](https://github.com/2k4sm/priceChamp/assets/101013814/53ddf73f-79a6-48f2-a017-68b9f962a357)




# License

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2023 Shrinibas Mahanta

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.
